summer
Ziqin kindly introduces you to a target
Look what you've done.
Hey Xiao Liu
I'm really sorry today.
Come and sit at home in summer
My aunt and I are very satisfied with you.
Haha, don't mind.
Yes
I am sick
Then why don't you ever ask me why?
Did something to me without asking why
Dad?
If that's what you want me to do
You know exactly what they did to me
Why don't you say it?
Lao Xia, is there something you are hiding from me?
Mom?
Does it matter? Would you believe it?
Would you rather believe Cheng Ziqing's side of the story?
You don't want to believe a word I say
Because you don't care at all
Because I am a sinner
I killed my uncle's family
Shut up and don't kiss your uncle in front of me
I am very
I will be buried with my uncle and his family soon.
I hope you can be really happy by then.
Yangtze River, I have also prepared an answer for you.
Hope you will like it then.
summer
Don't open the door to strangers
Don't talk to people you don't know, okay?
Got it, got it, mom
I'm 25 years old.
Stop treating me like a child.
Even 50
In your mother's eyes, you are just a child
Have you bought your tickets home yet?
Your dad bought all your favorite food
I bought it, I bought it, and I will be back in a while.
Are moms so nagging?
Yeah, doesn't your mom nag?
Then you are so happy
My mom is nagging
I'm so old and he always thinks I'm a kid
Gone
My mom doesn't nag me at all
She wants me to die outside
Your kidney matched the patient over the summer
Patient says 800,000 buy your kidney
Can you come over now? I'll be right there.